README.md, before:

# PostHog MCP Server 📊

A Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for interacting with PostHog. Create annotations and manage projects directly through Claude Desktop!

## Features 🚀

- **List Projects**: View all available PostHog projects in your organization
- **Create Annotations**: Add annotations to your PostHog projects with optional timestamps
  [this list can be much longer, anything our api has basically...]

## Setup 🛠️

1. **Prerequisites**

   - Python 3.10 or higher
   - `uv` package manager
   - PostHog API Key with `annotation:write` and `project:read` scopes obtained from your [project settings](https://app.posthog.com/project/settings)

2. **Installation**

   ```bash
   # clone the repo
   git clone git@github.com:PostHog/posthog-mcp.git

   # or if https, use: git clone https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-mcp.git

   cd posthog-mcp

   uv venv
   source .venv/bin/activate

   # Install dependencies
   uv pip install .
   ```

3. **Configuration**

   - Create a `.env` file in the project root:
     ```
     PERSONAL_API_KEY=phx_your_posthog_api_key_here
     ```

4. **Claude Desktop Setup**
   - Install [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/desktop)
   - Open Claude Desktop settings and click "Edit Config". Alternatively, you can open the file from:
     - macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`
     - Windows: `%APPDATA%\Claude\claude_desktop_config.json`
   - Add this to your `claude_desktop_config.json` (adjust paths according to your system):
     ```json
     {
       "mcpServers": {
         "posthog": {
           "command": "/path/to/uv",  # Get this by running: which uv
           "args": [
             "--directory",
             "/path/to/your/posthog-mcp",  # Full path to this project
             "run",
             "posthog.py"
           ]
         }
       }
     }
     ```
     Check [the latest documentation](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/quickstart/user) on setting up Claude Desktop as MCP client if you ran into any issues.

## Usage 💡

After setup, you'll see a hammer 🔨 icon in Claude Desktop. The following commands are available:

### List Projects

Ask Claude:

```
"List my PostHog projects"
```

### Create Annotation

Using the Project ID you get from the list of projects, ask Claude:

```
"Create a PostHog annotation in project 53497 saying 'Deployed v1.2.3'"

```

or with a specific date:

```
"Create a PostHog annotation in project 53497 for March 20th saying 'Started new marketing campaign'"
```

## Troubleshooting 🔍

- If the hammer icon doesn't appear, restart Claude Desktop
- Check logs at `~/Library/Logs/Claude/mcp*.log` (macOS) or `%APPDATA%\Claude\logs` (Windows)
- Verify your PostHog API key has the correct permissions
- Make sure all paths in `claude_desktop_config.json` are absolute paths

## Contributing 🤝

Feel free to open issues and PRs! We follow PostHog's contribution guidelines.

Commit message:

Update README with new PostHog MCP features and search capabilities

README.md, after:

# PostHog MCP Server 📊

A Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for interacting with PostHog. Create annotations and manage projects directly through Claude Desktop!

## Features 🚀

- **List Projects**: View all available PostHog projects in your organization
- **Create Annotations**: Add annotations to your PostHog projects with optional timestamps
  [this list can be much longer, anything our api has basically...]

## Setup 🛠️

1. **Prerequisites**

   - Python 3.10 or higher
   - `uv` package manager
   - PostHog API Key with `annotation:write` and `project:read` scopes obtained from your [project settings](https://app.posthog.com/project/settings)

2. **Installation**

   ```bash
   # clone the repo
   git clone git@github.com:PostHog/posthog-mcp.git

   # or if https, use: git clone https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-mcp.git

   cd posthog-mcp

   uv venv
   source .venv/bin/activate

   # Install dependencies
   uv pip install .
   ```

3. **Configuration**

   - Create a `.env` file in the project root:
     ```
     PERSONAL_API_KEY=phx_your_posthog_api_key_here
     ```

4. **Claude Desktop Setup**
   - Install [Claude Desktop](https://claude.ai/desktop)
   - Open Claude Desktop settings and click "Edit Config". Alternatively, you can open the file from:
     - macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`
     - Windows: `%APPDATA%\Claude\claude_desktop_config.json`
   - Add this to your `claude_desktop_config.json` (adjust paths according to your system):
     ```json
     {
       "mcpServers": {
         "posthog": {
           "command": "/path/to/uv",  # Get this by running: which uv
           "args": [
             "--directory",
             "/path/to/your/posthog-mcp",  # Full path to this project
             "run",
             "posthog_mcp"
           ]
         }
       }
     }
     ```
     Check [the latest documentation](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/quickstart/user) on setting up Claude Desktop as MCP client if you ran into any issues.

## Usage 💡

After setup, you'll see a hammer 🔨 icon in Claude Desktop. The following commands are available:

### List Projects

Ask Claude:

```
"List my PostHog projects"
```

### Get and Search for Insights

Ask Claude:

"List my PostHog insights" or "Search for revenue insights in my PostHog"

### Search for documentations online

You can ask:

- "how can i do reverse proxy in nextjs in posthog?"

### Create Annotation

Using the Project ID you get from the list of projects, ask Claude:

```
"Create a PostHog annotation in project 53497 saying 'Deployed v1.2.3'"

```

or with a specific date:

```
"Create a PostHog annotation in project 53497 for March 20th saying 'Started new marketing campaign'"
```

## Troubleshooting 🔍

- If the hammer icon doesn't appear, restart Claude Desktop
- Check logs at `~/Library/Logs/Claude/mcp*.log` (macOS) or `%APPDATA%\Claude\logs` (Windows)
- Verify your PostHog API key has the correct permissions
- Make sure all paths in `claude_desktop_config.json` are absolute paths

## Contributing 🤝

Feel free to open issues and PRs! We follow PostHog's contribution guidelines.
